build(ci): multi-platform build distribution with bake (#18061)
docker/docs: content/build/ci/github-actions/multi-platform.md

        name: Inspect image
        run: |
          docker buildx imagetools inspect ${{ env.REGISTRY_IMAGE }}:${{ steps.meta.outputs.version }}
```

> ### With bake
> 
> You can also do the same as the previous example using the [bake action](https://github.com/docker/bake-action).
> A live example [on this repo](https://github.com/crazy-max/docker-linguist) is
> available as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With Bake

It's also possible to build on multiple runners using Bake, with the
[bake action](https://github.com/docker/bake-action).
You can find a live example [in this GitHub repository](https://github.com/crazy-max/docker-linguist).

The following example achieves the same results as described in
[the previous section](#distribute-build-across-multiple-runners).
```
